Just two people look down on me like that
Even if I bring them all, there are not as many people as you
It might as well be like this
Are you not afraid that I will let people beat you up?
Don't be afraid, because you are Jianglu and not Feishang.
But you want to keep the strongest horn ever
Then you have to fight me one-on-one.
Very good, congratulations, you guessed it right.
Come on then.
This is probably called sitting on the mountain and watching the tiger fight
You fight hard
Better to die
Sister Ling's heartbreak will fight with 316
Let's go take a look, let you look at people
Just look at people
Do you know what will happen if you run away?
Don't I just say
Chen Xiuling, you bastard
Let me go
I thought you were dead
I didn't expect you to be quite resistant to fighting?
Chen Xiuling, you traitor
Jolo won't let you go
Don't mention him to me
You will be punished
Retribution you think I ordered it
You two give me a good look at him
I went to the boss
Ok, Sister Ling